# CS7641 Assignment 4
This is for Hongyi's assignment 4.

My Gatech Git repo is: https://github.gatech.edu/hli449/CS7641_2021_fall/tree/master/assignment_4

My private Git repo is: https://github.com/hongyi-li-93/CS7641_2021_fall/tree/master/assignment_4

All Python scripts are contained directly in this folder.

flake_benchmark.py is to calculate theoretical U value for frozen lake assuming no stop, no discount.
You can just run it and it will print out the estimation.
This is not important script.

helper.py is a library that contains helper functions such as setting up grid, KNN, NN, testing and so on.
No need to run it, other scripts will call functions from this library.

value_iteration.py is the library to run value iteration.

policy_iteration.py is the library to run policy iteration.

double_dqn.py is the library to run double-DQN.

experiment.py is the main script to run. It calls different learning methods from above libraries and run both games.
Just run the script, like python -m experiment

It will save the result and important logs into this foleder, I will list the following key files generated by it:
flake_value_iteration_decay0_cost.txt -- number of iteration and time cost for value iteration of frozen lake, alpha = t^0
flake_value_iteration_decay0_grid.pkl -- resulting grid from value iteration of frozen lake, alpha = t^0
flake_value_iteration_decay0_conv_rec.pkl -- log of mean abs diff and policy diff for value iteration of frozen lake, alpha = t^0
flake_value_iteration_decay0_comparison.txt -- testing runs for value iteration of frozen lake, alpha = t^0
flake_policy_iteration_decay0_cost.txt -- number of iteration and time cost for policy iteration of frozen lake, alpha = t^0
flake_policy_iteration_decay0_grid.pkl -- resulting grid from policy iteration of frozen lake, alpha = t^0
flake_policy_iteration_decay0_conv_rec.pkl -- log of nb. of value iteration and policy diff for policy iteration of frozen lake, alpha = t^0
flake_policy_iteration_decay0_comparison.txt -- testing runs for policy iteration of frozen lake, alpha = t^0
flake_value_iteration_decay0.9_cost.txt -- number of iteration and time cost for value iteration of frozen lake, alpha = t^-.9
flake_value_iteration_decay0.9_grid.pkl -- resulting grid from value iteration of frozen lake, alpha = t^-.9
flake_value_iteration_decay0.9_conv_rec.pkl -- log of mean abs diff and policy diff for value iteration of frozen lake, alpha = t^-.9
flake_value_iteration_decay0.9_comparison.txt -- testing runs for value iteration of frozen lake, alpha = t^-.9
flake_policy_iteration_decay0.9_cost.txt -- number of iteration and time cost for policy iteration of frozen lake, alpha = t^-.9
flake_policy_iteration_decay0.9_grid.pkl -- resulting grid from policy iteration of frozen lake, alpha = t^-.9
flake_policy_iteration_decay0.9_conv_rec.pkl -- log of nb. of value iteration and policy diff for policy iteration of frozen lake, alpha = t^-.9
flake_policy_iteration_decay0.9_comparison.txt -- testing runs for policy iteration of frozen lake, alpha = t^-.9
flake_ddqn_rs_wts.pkl -- reward and NN weights for each episode during the training of double DQN of frozen lake
flake_ddqn_cost -- number of episodes and time cost for double DQN of frozen lake
cpole_value_iteration_fixed_hist_cost.txt -- number of iteration and time cost for value iteration of cart pole
cpole_value_iteration_fixed_hist_grid.pkl -- resulting KNN from value iteration of cart pole
cpole_value_iteration_fixed_hist_conv_rec.pkl -- log of mean abs diff and policy diff for value iteration of cart pole
cpole_value_iteration_fixed_hist_comparison.txt -- testing runs for value iteration of cart pole
cpole_policy_iteration_fixed_hist_cost.txt -- number of iteration and time cost for policy iteration of cart pole
cpole_policy_iteration_fixed_hist_grid.pkl -- resulting KNN from policy iteration of cart pole
cpole_policy_iteration_fixed_hist_conv_rec.pkl -- log of nb. of value iteration and policy diff for policy iteration of cart pole
cpole_policy_iteration_fixed_hist_comparison.txt -- testing runs for policy iteration of cart pole
cpole_ddqn_rs_wts.pkl -- reward and NN weights for each episode during the training of double DQN of cart pole
cpole_ddqn_cost -- number of episodes and time cost for double DQN of cart pole